Add JavaScript blogs (#12)
redbadger/awesome-badger: chriswhealy/03 Hoisting.md

So far, we have only looked at what happens to variables declared using the `var` keyword inside a function.  But what happens if we declare another function inside a function?

Let's change our `describePet` function so that the call to `console.log()` is inside our own little function called `write`.

Knowing that the variable declaration of `myPet` is going to be hoisted to the top of the function, we can now expect the value of `myPet` to be `undefined` until we execute the statement that actually assigns the value.

However, what happens if we try to execute a function before we reach the point in the source code where that function is declared?

```javascript
function describePet() {
  write(myPet)

  var myPet = "dog"
  function write(str) {
    console.log(`My pet is a ${str}`)
  }
}
```

If we execute this function, what happens when we reach the call to function `write()`?

```console
> function describePet() {
...   write(myPet)
... 
...   var myPet = "dog"
...   function write(str) {
...     console.log(`My pet is a ${str}`)
...   }
... }
undefined
> describePet()
My pet is a undefined
undefined
```

Hang on!  Why does this even work?

> If hoisting causes the name of the variable `myPet` to become known, but without a value, then shouldn't function `write` be known but also have no value (I.E. not become executable until we reach the actual declaration)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If hoisting causes the name of the variable `myPet` to become known, but without a value, then shouldn't the function `write` also be known but have no value (I.E. not become executable until we reach the actual declaration)?

```

## So, Is Anything Else Not Activated Early?

Only JavaScript classes&mdash;but there's a good reason for this restriction.

```javascript
function badClass() {
  var c = new MyEmptyClass()

  class MyEmptyClass {}
  
  return c
}
```

If we try to call function `badClass()`, it will explode in the same way as the previous example:

```console
> function badClass() {
...   var c = new MyEmptyClass()
... 
...   class MyEmptyClass {}
...
...   return c
... }
undefined
> badClass()
Uncaught ReferenceError: Cannot access 'MyEmptyClass' before initialization
    at badClass (repl:2:11)
```

Think about the following situation.  When you declare a class, your new class can act as an extension to some other class.  For instance:

```javascript
class DayOfTheWeek {}
class Monday extends DayOfTheWeek {}
```

This is all fine.  But there is an important case in which the name of the class to be extended can be calculated dynamically.  This means that instead of simply saying:

```javascript
class MyNewClass extends SomeOtherClass {}
```

> It is perfect;y valid to say this instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is perfectly valid to say this instead:
```
